README.md, before:

# Joint Project: BookiernesSystem
## Summary
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Project idea](#project-idea)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Teachers](#teachers)
  - [Authors](#authors)

## Introduction
**Joint Project** is a joint project that is carried out with a group made up of 6 people.

This project includes 3 subjects of the [Degree Computer Engineering](http://www.grauinformatica.udl.cat/en) studied in [University of Lleida](http://www.udl.es/ca/):
- [REQUIREMENTS ENGINEERING](https://guiadocent.udl.cat/pdf/en/102052)
- [QUALITY MANAGEMENT AND IMPROVEMENT](https://guiadocent.udl.cat/pdf/en/102053)
- [PROCESS MODELS](https://guiadocent.udl.cat/pdf/en/102054)

## Project idea
**Bokiernes,S.A.** responsible for the editorial "Bookiernes" and whose activity focuses on publishing and supplying paper books. This company has seen its sales and customers reduced.

Taking into account the current situation described, the company has decided to implement a system that allows computerization of the work flow avoiding economic losses, time and information between work processes. Likewise, it is intended that the system to be implemented centralize the work flow and communication of the
involved/involved in publishing and supplying digital books.

Therefore, this project is based on digitizing the editorial so that it becomes an online bookstore.

## Requirements
In the document named **requirements.txt** you will find the requirements to execute the web application.
This are the commands to save the requirements:
```
  python -m pip freeze
``` 
```
  freeze > requirements.txt
```
## Teachers
The teachers who have guided this project are:
- [Aitor Corchero Rodríguez](https://github.com/aolite)
- Marta Oliva Sole
- Juan Enrique Garrido Navarro
- [Jordi Virgili Gomà](https://github.com/JordiVirgili)

## Authors
This project have been developed by:
- [Tiberiu Paiu](https://github.com/TiberiuPaiu)
- [Roger Larriba Baudilio](https://github.com/rogerLarriba)
- [José Ramón Noguero de Llano](https://github.com/jnoguero)
- [Sergi Puigpinós Palau](https://github.com/sergiPuigpinosPalau)
- [Xavier Loncà Sánchez](https://github.com/Spiritusrevenge)
- [Jordi Lazo](https://github.com/JordiLazo)

Commit message:

ReadMe updated to mention the translation tool used

README.md, after:

# Joint Project: BookiernesSystem
## Summary
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Project idea](#project-idea)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Teachers](#teachers)
  - [Authors](#authors)

## Introduction
**Joint Project** is a joint project that is carried out with a group made up of 6 people.

This project includes 3 subjects of the [Degree Computer Engineering](http://www.grauinformatica.udl.cat/en) studied in [University of Lleida](http://www.udl.es/ca/):
- [REQUIREMENTS ENGINEERING](https://guiadocent.udl.cat/pdf/en/102052)
- [QUALITY MANAGEMENT AND IMPROVEMENT](https://guiadocent.udl.cat/pdf/en/102053)
- [PROCESS MODELS](https://guiadocent.udl.cat/pdf/en/102054)

## Project idea
**Bokiernes,S.A.** responsible for the editorial "Bookiernes" and whose activity focuses on publishing and supplying paper books. This company has seen its sales and customers reduced.

Taking into account the current situation described, the company has decided to implement a system that allows computerization of the work flow avoiding economic losses, time and information between work processes. Likewise, it is intended that the system to be implemented centralize the work flow and communication of the
involved/involved in publishing and supplying digital books.

Therefore, this project is based on digitizing the editorial so that it becomes an online bookstore.

## Requirements
In the document named **requirements.txt** you will find the requirements to execute the web application.
This are the commands to save the requirements:
```
  python -m pip freeze
``` 
```
  freeze > requirements.txt
```

In case you need to make use of the translation feature, you'll need to install Docker and insert the next command into your command line.
```
docker run -ti --rm -p 5000:5000 libretranslate/libretranslate --load-only es,en
```
That's because we use [LibreTranslate](https://github.com/uav4geo/LibreTranslate) to make our translations, so go check them out for more information about the translation tool used in this project.
## Teachers
The teachers who have guided this project are:
- [Aitor Corchero Rodríguez](https://github.com/aolite)
- Marta Oliva Sole
- Juan Enrique Garrido Navarro
- [Jordi Virgili Gomà](https://github.com/JordiVirgili)

## Authors
This project have been developed by:
- [Tiberiu Paiu](https://github.com/TiberiuPaiu)
- [Roger Larriba Baudilio](https://github.com/rogerLarriba)
- [José Ramón Noguero de Llano](https://github.com/jnoguero)
- [Sergi Puigpinós Palau](https://github.com/sergiPuigpinosPalau)
- [Xavier Loncà Sánchez](https://github.com/Spiritusrevenge)
- [Jordi Lazo](https://github.com/JordiLazo)
